hello and welcome to rasoi smart calm
how to make bhindi masala to make bhindi
masala you will need from the top
clockwise sliced onions chopped
coriander leaves cumin seeds crushed
garlic sliced green chillies arm chill
powder turmeric powder salt red chilli
powder sliced tomatoes and lady's finger
or bindi step 1 heat 50 ml of oil in a
pan
and shallow fry 250 grams of diced
lady's finger or bindi until they are
nicely fried
step2 in a kadai heat 50ml of oil add a
TSP of cumin seeds some crushed garlic
some sliced green chillies 1 large
sliced onion
you
mix and saute for some time on medium
flame
step three add half a teaspoon of
turmeric powder half a teaspoon of
amchur or dry mango powder 3/4 teaspoon
of red chili powder salt to taste 1
large sliced tomato
some chopped coriander leaves mix and
saute for three minutes on medium flame
step four add fried brain day or
ladyfinger into the car I and mix well
on medium heat
you
delicious bendy masala is ready to serve
for more such easy and fast recipes log
on to www.mptv.org/outdoorwisconsin